PUBLIC PROGRAMME BY SHREE MATAJI NIRMALA DEVI
I BOW TO ALL SEEKERS OF TRUTH
SEEING YOU PEOPLE
IT SEEMS THAT THE DAYS HAVE COME TO CHANGE THIS WORLD
YOUR ANXIOUSNESS
IS QUITE OBVIOUS
AND YOUR DESIRE
IS TO ATTAIN THE TRUTH
I HAVE TO SAY ONE THING ABOUT THE TRUTH
TRUTH IS AS IT IS
EVEN IF WE WANT WE CANNOT CHANGE IT
AND IF WE WANT THAT FROM OUR WISDOM OR MIND WE MAKE AN ASSUMPTION AND SAY THAT IT IS THE TRUTH THEN THAT CANNOT BE THE TRUTH
THEN WHAT IS THE TRUTH?
TRUTH IS ONE THAT WE ARE THE PURE SPIRIT
WE ARE IN THE FORM OF PURE SOUL
THE DECORATION HERE IS SO BEAUTIFUL
AND SO MANY LAMPS HAVE BEEN LIT UP THAT GIVES LIGHT FROM WHICH WE CAN SEE AND KNOW ONE ANOTHER
BUT IF WE HAVE DARKNESS OF IGNORANCE HERE
DARKNESS IS ALL OVER AND WE ARE LOST IN THAT IGNORANCE
SO WE MUST KNOW THAT WE CAN BE ENLIGHTENED AND THIS LAMP CAN BE LIT IN ALL OF US
AND THIS LAMP CAN BE LIT VERY EASILY BY ALL OF US AND IT'S LIGHT CAN BE SPREAD IN THE WHOLE WORLD
TILL TODAY LOT OF WORK HAS BEEN DONE IN THE NAME OF GOD
IT IS DUE TO BELIEF IN GOD THAT WE ALL ARE BOUND TOGETHER THIS THING IS NOT FOUND IN ANY OTHER COUNTRY UNLIKE OURS
THOUGH FACING SO MANY PROBLEMS & DIFFICULTIES THEN ALSO WE KEPT ON THINKING THAT A DAY MIGHT COME
WHEN GOD WILL SHOW US THE WAY AND WE WERE LOOKING FOR THAT GOLDEN DAY WHERE WE WILL ATTAIN OUR SALVATION
WE HAVE TO GET SALVATION FROM OUR IGNORANCE AND THIS IGNORANCE COMES TO US FROM DIFFERENT KINDS OF THINGS
LIKE IN THE CHILDHOOD SOME THINGS ARE TOLD
THEY WILL LISTEN FROM MANY PEOPLE
OR IF WE ARE BORN IN ONE RELIGION THEN WE START TALKING ABOUT THAT RELIGION THESE THINGS THEN BECOME SPECIAL FOR US
AND AT EVERY PLACE IT TAKES SUCH DIFFERENT DIFFERENT FORMS AND BECOMES A BIZZARE
THAT OUR CHILDREN WILL ASK BY DOING ALL THIS WHAT HAVE YOU GAINED OUT OF IT
YOU DO SO MANY THINGS BUT IT HAS NOT MADE ANY DIFFERENCE TO YOU
AND IF SOMEONE IS HINDU,MUSLIM ,CHRISTIAN OR SIKH
A PERSON OF ANY CASTE AND  RELIGION CAN COMMIT ANY KIND OF SIN
ANY KIND OF CRIME, BUT HOW?
IF WE ARE RELIGIOUS PEOPLE AND IF WE HAVE RELIGION INSIDE US THEN HOW CAN WE COMMIT ANY SIN
BUT WHEN WE SEE OUR SAINTS WHOSE  EXAMPLES WE HAVE
SO THESE PEOPLE DID NOT DO ANY WRONG THINGS AND THEY DID NOT BOW IN FRONT OF WRONG PEOPLE
YOU ALL KNOW ABOUT AULIYA NIZAMUDDIN SAHAB SHAH TOLD HIM THAT IF YOU DO NOT BOW IN FRONT OF ME I WILL CHOP OFF YOUR HEAD
HE DID NOT BOW DOWN AND HE SAID THAT I BOW DOWN IN FRONT THE DIVINE
AND FURTHER YOU ALL KNOW AFTER THAT THE SAME SHAH'S HEAD WAS CHOPPED OFF
SO LIKE THIS THE SAINTS WITH COURAGE
AND
THEY USED TO SAY THINGS WITH SO MUCH SENSE ; WHAT IMPORTANCE THEY HAD, WHAT SPECIAL THING THEY HAD, THAT THEY WERE BEYOND US
IN A STATE ABOVE WHERE NOTHING SEEMED TO ENTICE THEM THAT THEY COULD TAKE TO, IN PLACE OF THE TRUTH
THEY STOOD ON THEIR UNBREAKABLE BELIEFS  BECAUSE THEY KNEW THAT THEIR BELIEFS WERE NOT BLIND
FROM THAT BELIEF THEY KNEW THAT THIS IS THE TRUTH AND TODAY WHEN WE ARE SEARCHING FOR OUR SPIRIT
WE SHOULD KNOW THAT TRUTH CAN ONLY BE KNOWN THROUGH THE LIGHT OF THE SPIRIT
EVERY RELIGION OF THIS WORLD, IF YOU LITTLE BIT
TRY TO KNOW ABOUT THAT THEN YOU WILL UNDERSTAND THAT ALL THE RELIGIONS ARE ONE AND IN EVERY RELIGION SAME THING HAS BEEN TAUGHT
THAT WE HAVE TO LEAVE THIS MORTAL THINGS AND TRY TO TAKE TO THINGS THAT IS ENDLESS AND IMMORTAL
WE PEOPLE MANY A TIMES GET STUCK UP IN THESE WORLDLY THINGS AND FORGET THIS THING
THAT THE THINGS THAT ARE MORTAL ARE ALRIGHT TILL SOME EXTENT BUT IF WE DO IT EXCESSIVELY THEN IT CAN BE DESTRUCTIVE
BECAUSE ITSELF IT IS OF DESTRUCTIVE NATURE AND IN THE END IT DESTROYS US ALSO
BUT FOR KNOWING ALL THIS WE SHOULD HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE
KNOWLEDGE DOES NOT MEAN READING WRITING MANY PEOPLE TELL ME THAT EVERY DAY THEY READ SHIV LEELA AMRIT(THE NECTAR OF SHIVA'S PLAY)
AND EVERYDAY THEY READ ONE CHAPTER OF IT
BUT HAS THAT BROUGHT ANY CHANGE TO YOU ?
CAN YOU TELL THAT AFTER READING SHIV LEELA YOU WILL NOT COMMIT ANY SINS
OR AFTER READING QURAN CAN YOU SAY THAT NOW WE WILL NOT COMMIT ANY SINS
OR AFTER READING GRANTH SAHIB CAN YOU SAY THAT WE WILL NOT COMMIT ANY SINS
SO WHATEVER IS WRITTEN IN THESE GREAT BOOKS IT JUST REMAINS AS IT IS, AS THAT HAS NOT COME INSIDE OUR BEING
WHATEVER IS THERE IT'S JUST OUTSIDE & IN THAT IF WE THINK THAT BY ONLY READING THIS WE WILL BE FINE SO THAT WOULD BE A WRONG IDEA
YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT IT HAS TO BE SENSED MEANS THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW IT ON YOUR NERVES
IT IS THE POWER OF GOD WHICH EXTENDS IN ALL THE FOUR DIRECTIONS
IF IT IS SAID LIKE THIS SO WHAT'S THE HARM IN SEEING IT AND IF YOU ARE FROM SCIENCE SIDE THEN YOU SHOULD SEE WHAT POWER IS THIS
WHICH YOU CAN GET
THIS POWER WHICH IS INSIDE US THIS POWER WHICH WE KNOW IF WE SAY THAT IT IS IN A DORMANT STATE WITHIN US
SO WHAT'S THE LOSS IF WE ATTAIN THIS FULLY
BECAUSE IF IT IS OUR OWN POWER AND WE ARE GOING TO SENSE IT
AND FROM THIS WE ARE GOING TO RISE HIGHER
SO WHY DON'T WE ACCEPT THIS THING FULLY AND EXPERIMENT ON THIS AND KNOW WHAT IS IT
SECONDLY IT IS ALSO SAID THAT, TODAY ONLY, ONE GENTLEMAN TOLD ME THAT BY DOING KARMAS HUMANS ARE CLEANSED
I SAID WHAT KARMA HUMANS DO, TILL THIS FEELING IS INSIDE YOU THAT YOU ARE DOING THE KARMA
TILL THAT TIME YOU ARE NOT CLEAN AND EGO IS SITTING INSIDE YOU
AND THAT EGO IS SUGGESTING YOU THAT YOU ARE DOING THIS KARMA YOU ARE DOING THAT KARMA
BUT IN REALITY WHAT KARMA WE ALL DO
IF SOMETHING IS DEAD LIKE THE TREES WHICH ARE DEAD WE MAKE FURNITURE OUT OF IT
OR IF THERE WERE SOME STONES WHICH WERE DEAD WE MADE HOUSES OUT OF THEM, SO WHAT BIG WORK HAVE YOU DONE
WE HAVE MADE DEAD OUT OF DEAD
HAVE YOU DONE ANY LIVING WORK ?
AFTER SAHAJA YOGA WHEN YOU BECOME REALIZED
SO KUNDALINI RISES FROM YOUR HANDS LIKE THIS
SO THIS IS THE UNDERSTANDING THAT WE CANNOT DO ANYTHING
IT IS A LIVING PROCESS IT TAKES PLACE ON ITS OWN AND IT IS THE BIRTHRIGHT OF EVERY HUMAN BEING
AND THEY SHOULD ATTAIN THEIR UNION(YOGA)
WHY HAS GOD MADE YOU HUMAN BEINGS
TO REMAIN LIKE THIS HALF BAKED
AND DIVE IN THIS IGNORANCE
IT CANNOT BE LIKE THIS BECAUSE GOD IS THE ULTIMATE SOURCE OF COMPASSION AND IS GRACIOUS, IS HE GOING TO LEAVE YOU LIKE THIS
MANY PEOPLE THINK THAT NOW THE WHOLE WORLD IS GOING TO BE DESTROYED
THE ONE WHO HAS CREATED THIS WORLD IS SO MUCH POWERFUL AND CAPABLE, WILL HE LET THIS WORLD TO BE DESTROYED
NEVER, SO YOU MUST KNOW THAT FROM YOU PEOPLE ONLY SUCH POWERFUL BEINGS WILL BE MADE
WHO CAN CHANGE THE WHOLE WORLD AND CAN BRING JOY IN THIS WORLD
SECONDLY LIKE YOU HAVE PUT HERE SO MANY LIGHTS
AND IF WE ASK EVERYONE THAT HOW TO SWITCH ON THESE LIGHTS
THEY WILL SAY THAT THERE IS A SWITCH JUST PRESS THAT AND LIGHT WILL BE SWITCHED ON
IN THE SAME WAY COMPLETE ARRANGEMENT IS INSIDE YOU
THEY HAVE MADE ALL THE BEAUTIFUL ARRANGEMENT INSIDE YOU
IT IS WELL ORGANISED AND ONLY ONE SWITCH HAS TO BE PUT AND IT WILL ALL BE DONE
IF SOMEBODY TELLS THAT ELECTRICITY IS FROM HERE TO THERE AND THE HISTORY OF ELECTRICITY
SO YOU WILL HAVE A HEADACHE YOU WILL SAY PUT ON THE LIGHT FIRST AND THEN WE WILL TALK
IT IS LIKE THIS IN SAHAJA YOGA THAT FIRST YOU HAVE YOUR ENLIGHTENMENT AND AFTER THAT WE WILL TALK
SO IT CAN BE AS SUCH THAT WE MIGHT EXPERIMENT THIS NOW, TODAY
ENDLESS BLESSINGS TO YOU ALL